Updated troubleshooting section (#16)
ReVanced-Extended-Community/Community-Guides: general-guides/community-wiki/troubleshooting-index.md

**What are you troubleshooting?**

[My issue is related to the installation process.](https://github.com/ReVanced-Extended-Community/Community-Guides/blob/main/general-guides/community-wiki/general-troubleshooting.md#General-Troubleshooting)

[My issue is related to an **YT ReVanced Extended** specific issue.](https://github.com/ReVanced-Extended-Community/Community-Guides/blob/main/general-guides/community-wiki/yt-troubleshooting.md#yt-revanced-extended-troubleshooting)

> [My issue is related to an **YT Music ReVanced Extended** specific issue.](https://github.com/ReVanced-Extended-Community/Community-Guides/blob/main/general-guides/community-wiki/ytm-troubleshooting.md#yt-music-extended-troubleshooting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[My issue is related to a **YT ReVanced Extended** specific issue.](https://github.com/ReVanced-Extended-Community/Community-Guides/blob/main/general-guides/community-wiki/yt-troubleshooting.md#yt-revanced-extended-troubleshooting)

[My issue is related to a **YT Music ReVanced Extended** specific issue.](https://github.com/ReVanced-Extended-Community/Community-Guides/blob/main/general-guides/community-wiki/ytm-troubleshooting.md#yt-music-extended-troubleshooting)

```

**What are you troubleshooting?**

> [My issue is related to the installation process.](https://github.com/ReVanced-Extended-Community/Community-Guides/blob/main/general-guides/community-wiki/general-troubleshooting.md#General-Troubleshooting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[My issue is related to the patching or installation processes.](https://github.com/ReVanced-Extended-Community/Community-Guides/blob/main/general-guides/community-wiki/general-troubleshooting.md#General-Troubleshooting)

```
